Developer IPs
=============
[What's My IP?](http://www.whatismyip.com/)
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>IP</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Jeff Home</td>
    <td><strike>71.227.128.226</strike><br/>
        67.183.189.202
    </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Jeff HUB</td>
    <td>199.231.242.26</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Wesson Home</td>
    <td>50.152.248.117</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Salman Home</td>
    <td>72.208.81.82</td>
  </tr>
</table>

Dev Servers
===========
Magento SSH: `ubuntu@ec2-54-204-208-6.compute-1.amazonaws.com`

[Magento Storefront](http://ec2-54-197-60-94.compute-1.amazonaws.com/)
[Magento Admin](http://ec2-54-197-60-94.compute-1.amazonaws.com/admin)


Prod Servers
============
[Metadata](https://metadata.turbointernational.com)
[Magento](https://store.turbointernational.com)
[Magmi](https://store.turbointernational.com/magmi/web/magmi.php) **Secured by** ` .htaccess`


Architecture
============

* TI Metadata Server
 * MySQL Database + Hibernate/JPA
 * Spring MVC Backend + Spring Security
 * AngularJS Frontend
 * ElasticSearch
 * MAS90 Price Sync
 * nginx Web Server

* Magento
 * MySQL Database
 * PHP/Apache2 Frontend
 * [Magmi "Magento Mass Importer"](http://sourceforge.net/projects/magmi/)


Metadata Server
===============
The Metadata server uses java properties files for configuration. In the source, these are stored under `/metadata/src/main/java/resources/spring` (or try `metadata/src/main/resources/META-INF/spring`). The webapp also looks in the current user's home directory for `ti_metadata.properties` which can be used to override the default values. This is the web server user in dev/prod (i.e. `tomcat7`).

Here's a sample:

```
email.metadata.url=https://metadata.turbointernational.com/#/password/reset/
email.host=turbo.turbointernational.com
email.user=
email.pass=
mas90.db.path=/var/mas90.accdb

elasticsearch.timeout=10000
elasticsearch.port=9300
elasticsearch.type=part
elasticsearch.index=metadata
elasticsearch.host=localhost

database.host=localhost
database.port=3306
database.schema=metadata_db
database.username=metadata_user
database.password=metadata_pass
```

ElasticSearch
-------------
`bits/ElasticSearch` contains [Postman](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/postman-rest-client/fdmmgilgnpjigdojojpjoooidkmcomcm) actions and environment settings. It also contains wget scripts for common scenarios.


MAS90 Price Sync
----------------
The metadata server will use the MAS90 access database in `/var/mas90.accdb`, this can be overridden with the `mas90.db.path` config property.

Prices are exported as part of the Magmi sync. Upload the latest file before sync and the new prices will be automatically exported.

Magento
=======

Magmi
-----
Magmi's files are in `/var/www/magmi` on the production magento server. It is configured to connect to the local magento MySQL server, and uses the permissions:

```
grant select,insert,update,delete on magento.* to magmi@'localhost' identified by 'magmi';
```

Magmi uses a CSV generated by the metadata server at `/magmi/products synchronize prices with the Magento database.

Access is controlled by IP address via .htaccess file at `/var/www/magmi/.htaccess` (no restart is required)


Indexing
--------
Magento maintains index tables of rolled-up data. Rebuilding some of these indexes is slow - on the order of hours, others are on the order of minutes. To work-around this, we're using an SSD local database - this suits the needs of the project well.

**Troubleshooting**
While indexing product prices, I encountered an error in the Magento exception log about foreign key constraint failure. The fix was to truncate the following tables:

* catalog_product_entity_group_price

* catalog_product_index_group_price

When Indexing URL rewrites failed, I truncated the core_url_rewrite table and was able to rebuild it. Sidenote: Doing this to a production server can break links for users - you're deleting all the rewrites that point to products. Magento will use generated URLs until it can reindex and rebuild the rewrites.


Installing Magento from Scratch
-------------------------------
You shouldn't ever need to do this, but if you do here's a decent ouline:

1. Install MySQL, Apache, and PHP. You'll be asked to specify a mysql root password. `sudo apt-get install -y mysql-server apache2 php5 php5-mysqlnd php5-json php5-curl`
2. Setup MySQL to run off the 'ephemeral' SSD by changing the SSD's mount point from `/mnt` to `/var/lib/mysql`. You should move the MySQL data files before hiding the `/var/lib/mysql` directory behind a mount point.
3. Create the schema and load the latest MySQL dump (something like this): `mysql -p -u USER SCHEMA < dump.sql`
4. Set the new URL in the magento db: `update core_config_data set value = "http://ec2-54-197-140-225.compute-1.amazonaws.com/" where path like 'web/%/base_url';`
5. Copy `./magento/` from git to `/var/www` on the server, don't miss `.htaccess`!
6. Fix permissions: `sudo chown -R www-data:www-data /var/www`
7. Update `/var/www/app/etc/local.xml` with the MySQL server's info
8. Purge the cache: `rm -rf /var/www/var/cache/mage-*`
9. Enable mod_rewrite and restart apache: `sudo a2enmod rewrite && sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart`
